Market News & Sentiment Trending
Looking for market news data to train your LLM models or to augment your trading strategy? You have just found it. This API returns live and historical market news & sentiment data from a large & growing selection of premier news outlets around the world, covering stocks, cryptocurrencies, forex, and a wide range of topics such as fiscal policy, mergers & acquisitions, IPOs, etc. This API, combined with our core stock API, fundamental data, and technical indicator APIs, can provide you with a 360-degree view of the financial market and the broader economy.


API Parameters
❚ Required: function

The function of your choice. In this case, function=NEWS_SENTIMENT

❚ Optional: tickers

The stock/crypto/forex symbols of your choice. For example: tickers=IBM will filter for articles that mention the IBM ticker; tickers=COIN,CRYPTO:BTC,FOREX:USD will filter for articles that simultaneously mention Coinbase (COIN), Bitcoin (CRYPTO:BTC), and US Dollar (FOREX:USD) in their content.

❚ Optional: topics

The news topics of your choice. For example: topics=technology will filter for articles that write about the technology sector; topics=technology,ipo will filter for articles that simultaneously cover technology and IPO in their content. Below is the full list of supported topics:

Blockchain: blockchain
Earnings: earnings
IPO: ipo
Mergers & Acquisitions: mergers_and_acquisitions
Financial Markets: financial_markets
Economy - Fiscal Policy (e.g., tax reform, government spending): economy_fiscal
Economy - Monetary Policy (e.g., interest rates, inflation): economy_monetary
Economy - Macro/Overall: economy_macro
Energy & Transportation: energy_transportation
Finance: finance
Life Sciences: life_sciences
Manufacturing: manufacturing
Real Estate & Construction: real_estate
Retail & Wholesale: retail_wholesale
Technology: technology
❚ Optional: time_from and time_to

The time range of the news articles you are targeting, in YYYYMMDDTHHMM format. For example: time_from=20220410T0130. If time_from is specified but time_to is missing, the API will return articles published between the time_from value and the current time.

❚ Optional: sort

By default, sort=LATEST and the API will return the latest articles first. You can also set sort=EARLIEST or sort=RELEVANCE based on your use case.

❚ Optional: limit

By default, limit=50 and the API will return up to 50 matching results. You can also set limit=1000 to output up to 1000 results.

❚ Required: apikey

Your API key. Claim your free API key here.


Examples (click for JSON output)
Querying news articles that mention the AAPL ticker.
https://www.alphavantage.co/query?function=NEWS_SENTIMENT&tickers=AAPL&apikey=demo

Querying news articles that simultaneously mention the Coinbase stock (COIN), Bitcoin (CRYPTO:BTC), and US Dollar (FOREX:USD) and are published on or after 2022-04-10, 1:30am UTC.
https://www.alphavantage.co/query?function=NEWS_SENTIMENT&tickers=COIN,CRYPTO:BTC,FOREX:USD&time_from=20220410T0130&limit=1000&apikey=demo


Language-specific guides
Python
import requests

# replace the "demo" apikey below with your own key from https://www.alphavantage.co/support/#api-key
url = 'https://www.alphavantage.co/query?function=NEWS_SENTIMENT&tickers=AAPL&apikey=demo'
r = requests.get(url)
data = r.json()

print(data)